Let's move on to creating our ticket schema.
So after those three interfaces I'm going to add in.
Ticket schema is new mongoose schema.
As the first argument, we're going to provide an object.
And inside of here, we're going to list out all the different properties that we want this thing to
have.
So we want it to have a title.
It's type is going to be string.
And it is required.
We'll say it required.
True.
As a quick reminder right here, we are listing out an actual value type.
So this type thing right here is used by Mongoose, not TypeScript.
So when we say string right here, we are referring to the global string constructor in JavaScript and
that means we should have a capital S.
In all these interfaces up here, we're referring to a type as far as TypeScript is concerned, this
is a type specifically for TypeScript.
So we use lowercase s up here.
Besides the title, we will also have a price.
Its title or assuming its type will be number and again, capital N.
Require.
True.
And then finally, a user ID.
Its type will be string.
It is required.
And that's it.
Now as the second argument into mongoose schema, we're going to put in another object and this is where
we're going to put in that custom to JSON function because remember, we want to massage that ID property.
So we're going to add inside of the second argument to JSON.
I'll define the transform function.
And recall, this thing takes two arguments, Doc and Rhett.
So Rhett is going to be the object that's just about to be turned into JSON.
So we're going to make some direct changes to that Rhett object.
We're not trying to return anything from this thing.
We're trying to modify Rhett directly.
So again, we're going to assign the red dot ID property from red dot underscore ID and then we will
delete ret dot underscore ID.
That looks good.
After that, we're going to build up that build method on our ticket schema.
The ticket schema statics build.
So this is going to be the one and only way that we create new records again, just to make sure that
we can have TypeScript helping us figure out the different types of attributes we're supposed to be
providing.
So we'll take in adders of type ticket adders.
And then we'll return new ticket and pass in those ads.
And I love to s out of that argument right there.
We immediately get an air out of that.
That's really okay.
We're going to fix that up in just a moment.
So after we define that build method, we will create the actual ticket model.
That's going to be mongoose model.
We're going to put in some generic types.
This thing of ticket doc and ticket model.
Well then called the actual function will provide a name for the collection of ticket.
And then the second argument is going to be our schema to use, which is to get schema.
I'll save that.
It does not wrap the line.
So me collapse that sidebar.
There we go.
And finally, very last step.
Let's export or not expect exports.
Not ticket.
And that should be it.
Okay.
So we're all done with our ticket now.
Now that we've got that ticket model put together, we can actually save data and retrieve data from
our Mongo database.
So back inside of our new test file, remember, we've still got this comment right here reminding us.
So we need to make sure that somehow that ticket was saved.
So we'll take a pause right here.
We're going to implement this little check right here in the next video, and it'll build out the actual
implementation inside of our request handler itself.